README.md, before:

# Show menu items by role
Wordpress Plugin to show menu items by role

A simple WordPress plugin to show menu items based on user roles.

## Description ##

This plugin allows you to show menu items based on user roles. You can select which user roles should be able to see each menu item when you create or edit a menu item.

The plugin shows the menu items using filters provided by the WP core which means we are not using any JavaScript or JQuery.

## Installation ##

1. Upload the plugin files to the /wp-content/plugins/ directory, or install the plugin through the WordPress plugins screen directly.
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' screen in WordPress.
3. Create or edit a menu item, and select which user roles should be able to see it.
4. Save your menu.

## Frequently Asked Questions ##

### How do I select which user roles should be able to see a menu item? ###

When you create or edit a menu item, a new field will appear where you can select which user roles should be able to see the menu item.

### Can I show menu items for multiple user roles? ###

Yes, you can select multiple user roles that should be able to see a menu item.

### How do I change which user role should be able to see a menu item? ###

When you create or edit a menu item, a new field will appear where you can check/uncheck the user roles.

Commit message:

Added support to restrict content by role

README.md, after:

# Show menu items by role
Wordpress Plugin to show content by role

A simple WordPress plugin to show content based on user roles.

## Description ##

This plugin allows you to show content based on user roles. You can select which user roles should be able to see contents when you create or edit a menu item. When adding the Members-plugin (https://members-plugin.com/) by Memberspress, you can even restrict whole contents based on user roles.

The plugin shows the menu items using filters provided by the WP core which means we are not using any JavaScript or JQuery.

## Installation ##

1. Upload the plugin files to the /wp-content/plugins/ directory, or install the plugin through the WordPress plugins screen directly.
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' screen in WordPress.
3. Create or edit a menu item, and select which user roles should be able to see it.
4. Save your menu.

## Frequently Asked Questions ##

### How do I select which user roles should be able to see a menu item? ###

When you create or edit a menu item, a new field will appear where you can select which user roles should be able to see the menu item.

### Can I show menu items for multiple user roles? ###

Yes, you can select multiple user roles that should be able to see a menu item.

### How do I change which user role should be able to see a menu item? ###

When you create or edit a menu item, a new field will appear where you can check/uncheck the user roles.
